improvement for better readability (#10827)
opf/openproject: docs/installation-and-operations/operation/restoring/README.md

Let's assume you want to restore a database dump given in a file, say `openproject.sql`.

> This assumes that the database container is called `db_1`. Find out the actual name on your host using `docker ps | postgres`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This assumes that the database container is called `db_1`. Find out the actual name on your host using `docker ps | grep postgres`.
```

If you are using docker-compose this is what you do after you started everything for the first time using `docker-compose up -d`:

1. Stop the OpenProject container using `docker-compose stop web worker`.
2. Drop the existing, seeded database using `docker exec -it db_1 psql -U postgres -c 'drop database openproject;'`

> 3. Create a user/role for the OpenProject database: `docker exec -it db_1 psql -U postgres -c 'create user openproject;'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If your database doesn't have an openproject user yet, create it with this command: `docker exec -it db_1 psql -U postgres -c 'create user openproject;'`
```

As the user might already be present, we should keep the comment from earlier

Author: Just an off topic question, I followed this docs that I wanted to edit in this PR: I installed OP via docker-compose and after up -d and down web worker, I dropped the database OpenProject, the user OpenProject was not there afterwards, before I don't know.
